c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\WCFServiceWebRole1.dll.config
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\WCFServiceWebRole1.dll
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\WCFServiceWebRole1.pdb
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\MonAgentListener.dll
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\obj\Debug\WCFServiceWebRole1.dll
c:\users\bas28\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\obj\Debug\WCFServiceWebRole1.pdb
C:\Users\bas28\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\bas28\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\obj\Debug\WCFServiceWebRole1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\WCFServiceWebRole1.dll.config
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\WCFServiceWebRole1.dll
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\WCFServiceWebRole1.pdb
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\MonAgentListener.dll
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\System.Spatial.xml
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\obj\Debug\WCFServiceWebRole1.dll
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\obj\Debug\WCFServiceWebRole1.pdb
C:\Users\bas28\Source\Repos\SchoolExamProject2016\ProjectAPIConnenction\WCFServiceWebRole1\obj\Debug\WCFServiceWebRole1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
